# Js Dom Serializer

Serialize live DOM to (X)HTML string.

## Usage

Create a serializer object, then use its `serialize` or its `content` method passing a DOM node as argument.

    new JsDomSerializer().serialize(document.getElementById('some-element'));

### Filters

You can disallow the serialization of any node through a filtering function. The function is called with the node as its only argument, except for attribute nodes where it receives the node containing the attribute and the attribute name. If the function returns `false`, node is skipped.

    var serializer = new JsDomSerializer();
    // disallow serialization of /script elements
    serializer.addFilter(function(node) {
      if (node.nodeType == 1 && node.tagName.toLowerCase() == 'script') {
        return false;
      }
    });
    // disallow serialization of @name attributes for /form elements
    serializer.addFilter(function(node, attrName) {
      if (attrName == 'name' && node.tagName.toLowerCase() == 'form') {
        return false;
      }
    });

### Translation of node names

Use the `translation` method to specify element translations.

    var serializer = new JsDomSerializer();
    // translate /b elements as /strong
    serializer.translation('b', 'strong');
    // do not output tags for /div elements
    // but process its content
    serializer.translation('div', '');
    // skip /iframe elements
    serializer.translation('iframe', false);

### Exportable attributes

Only attributes in white lists are serialized (this is due to a defect in Internet Explorer and its handling of `nodeElement.attributes` collections). Modify the default list (`JsDomSerializer.attrs['*']`) before instantiating the serializer.

Configure exportable attributes by node name using the `allowedAttributes` method:

    var serializer = new JsDomSerializer();
    // serialize just the `href` attribute for /a elements 
    serializer.allowedAttributes('a', ['href']);

## Dependencies

None.

## Author

Choan Gálvez <http://choangalvez.nom.es/>

## License

BSD like, see License.txt